{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green68\blue254;\red0\green61\blue204;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14660\viewh17860\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 <---------------2--------------->\
\
Homework\
\
Non-code:\
\
a) Using a stationary video camera, make three recordings of three different scenes which have interesting motion. Pick one point to watch during the video, and sketch out it\'92s motion path. Try to find both rhythmic (repetitive) and organic motions.\
\
Code:\
\
\cf2 b) Take your xeno code from your homework last week and convert it to run with vectors instead of points.\
\cf0 \
\cf3 c) Create a square canvas, and play with leaving trails for objects in motion by not clearing the screen.  Play with shapes and colors and see what the most interesting composition you can make is.  Take screenshots of the top 3 you come up with.\cf0 \
\
d) A constant acceleration we have pulling on us as humans is gravity!  Make an application that launches a ball at a random velocity on every click, and then pull it back to earth with gravity.  Gravity here is 9.8 meters per second, try making a variation with the moon's gravity, and another with Jupiters gravity.\
\
Advanced:\
\
d) We bounced a circle around a box in 2 dimensions. Try to make a sphere that bounces around a 3D box using ofVec3f.\
\
<---------------3--------------->\
\
Homework for 11/17 - Algo\
\
1. Make a composition using animation techniques that is inspired by John Whitney. Think of how he used timing repitition and creating big moments in his works.\
\
2. Since we talked a little bit about sound, make a compositon based on a piece of music. It doesn't have to be long, but there should be something dynamic to it.  You don't have to have the sound included in the application, but your code should be the visual equivalent to the music.  Think about what the artist was trying to say with the music, and try to bring that out in your visuals.\
\
3. Use sin / cos to emulate a natural phenomenon.  Post a picture or video of what your phenomenon is along with you application.\
\
4. Use atan2 in conjunction with some mouse follow code (xeno) or the previous vector/acceleration work and create a creature that follows a point.  Think os using sin/cos to give it living characteristics based on it's motion.  (think of more subtle motions of creatures, breathing, blinking, leg motion, etc)\
\
Optional:\
Marc Maron recently did a great interview on jazz and inspiration with musician Ben Sidran.  It's a bit long, but a great conversation about where jazz came from and the grammar that makes up a tune.  Well worth a listen if for no other reason than for some perspective on something that is as much tradition as music. http://www.wtfpod.com/podcast/episodes/episode_420_-_ben_sidran\
\
<---------------4--------------->\
\
##Non-Code:\
0. Take a video of real world particles.  Here's an example: https://vimeo.com/28732551\
\
##Code:\
1. If you didn't finish the John Whitney assignment from last week, just finish that one.\
\cf4 2. Instead of writing an email (it's ok if you already did) add to this piratepad if there are topics you'd like to go over more in a class soon.  http://piratepad.net/kPg029KxBx\cf0 \
3. These core ideas translate across any language. Make a version of the line follow creature - in processing (processing.org)  The processing docs are quite good as well http://processing.org/reference/.\
4. create a looping fireworks animation (non interactive). You will need to reset or restart particles every so often.  Take a look at the last code example from class today (NoiceParticles) to see how to delete from a vector safely!\
\
##References\
Here are some of the things we looked at in class today.\
\
Engineers and filmmakers working together on Tron - https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=JrCdMHUNznc#t=4235\
\
Ferrofluid soap bubbles by Kim Pimmel - https://vimeo.com/28304264\
\
Smoke particle music video by  Esteban Di\'e1cono - https://vimeo.com/6045312\
\
Real world smoke particles - https://vimeo.com/7640196\
\
\
Here are two pieces we didn't look at as part of a collab between Memo Atken and Quayola\
\
https://vimeo.com/38017188 - forms\
\
https://vimeo.com/38421611 - forms process\
\
\
\
NORMALIZE}